Governance Polls 2024-11-04 (#2782)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/SparkLend Ethereum and Base - Activate Spark Liquidity Layer - November 4, 2024.md

parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2024-11-04T16:00:00
end_date: 2024-11-07T16:00:00
---
# Poll: SparkLend Ethereum and Base - Activate Spark Liquidity Layer - November 4, 2024

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of Spark Protocol and the Ecosystem Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.9.1_Operational_Weekly_Cycle-b189fa17-57a9-4d4e-9780-0ce4efd94211|0db30308) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, November 4 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.**

- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to activating the Spark Liquidity Layer on Sparklend Ethereum and Base with the parameters below.

### Onchain Parameters

#### Ethereum

> | Parameter | Max amount | Slope (tokens/day) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parameter | Max amount (tokens) | Slope (tokens/day) |
```

|--|--|--|
| LIMIT_USDS_MINT | 4,000,000 | 2,000,000 |
| LIMIT_USDC_TO_CCTP_ETH | max. | 0 |
| LIMIT_USDS_TO_USDC | 4,000,000 | 2,000,000 |
| LIMIT_USDC_TO_DOMAIN (to Base) | 4,000,000 | 2,000,000 |

#### Base

| Parameter | Max amount | Slope (tokens/day) |
|--|--|--|
| LIMIT_PSM_DEPOSIT_USDC | 4,000,000 | 2,000,000 |
| LIMIT_PSM_WITHDRAW_USDC | 7,000,000 | 2,000,000 |
| LIMIT_PSM_DEPOSIT_USDS | 5,000,000 | 2,000,000 |
| LIMIT_PSM_WITHDRAW_USDS | max. | 0 |
| LIMIT_PSM_DEPOSIT_SUSDS | 8,000,000 | 2,000,000 |
| LIMIT_PSM_WITHDRAW_SUSDS | max. | 0 |
| LIMIT_USDC_TO_DOMAIN (to mainnet) | 4,000,000 | 2,000,000 |
| LIMIT_USDC_TO_CCTP_BASE | max. | 0 |

### Offchain Parameters

| Parameter | Value |
|--|--|
| MAINNET_MIN_OPERATION_SIZE | 400,000 |
| BASE_MIN_OPERATION_SIZE | 400,000 |
| DEBT_CEILING_BUFFER | 10,000 |
| USDC_MIN_BALANCE_BASE | 800,000 |
| USDC_OPTIMAL_BALANCE_BASE | 800,000 |
| USDC_MAX_BALANCE_BASE | 800,000 |

Please review the discussion [thread](https://forum.sky.money/t/14-nov-2024-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell/25466) to help inform your position before voting.

> For more information about the activation process and these parameters, please read the [_Spark ALM Planner Parameter Study_ forum post published by BAlabs](https://forum.sky.money/t/14-nov-2024-spark-alm-planner-parameter-study/25467).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about the activation process and these parameters, please read the [_Spark ALM Planner Parameter Study_ forum post published by BA Labs](https://forum.sky.money/t/14-nov-2024-spark-alm-planner-parameter-study/25467).
```
